README.md, before:

# Individual Assignment 3

In this assignment, a Choropleth map was implemented to represent products sold by country from an [Online Sales Dataset](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/yusufdelikkaya/online-sales-dataset).

In order to map an interactive hover effect, a [geoJson dataset](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/holtzy/D3-graph-gallery/master/DATA/world.geojson) was also required.

### Hosting and Deployment

This project's source code is available [here](https://github.com/gcsam11/gcsam11.github.io).

The live visualization can be seen [here](https://gcsam11.github.io/).

If the live visualization is not working, please open this folder in VSCode and run the [LiveServer](https://github.com/ritwickdey/vscode-live-server) plugin.

![visualization](screenshot.png)

### Disclaimer

This project used Generative AI to generate code and debug. 

Code from example implementations for Choropleth maps was also used:

- [Background Map](https://d3-graph-gallery.com/graph/backgroundmap_basic.html)
- [Choropleth Map](https://d3-graph-gallery.com/graph/choropleth_hover_effect.html)

Commit message:

Enhance README with animations and interactions details
Added section on animations and interactions for the Choropleth map, detailing fade-in effects and user interactions.

README.md, after:

# Individual Assignment 3

In this assignment, a Choropleth map was implemented to represent products sold by country from an [Online Sales Dataset](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/yusufdelikkaya/online-sales-dataset).

In order to map an interactive hover effect, a [geoJson dataset](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/holtzy/D3-graph-gallery/master/DATA/world.geojson) was also required.

### Animations and Interactions

An initial fade-in animation of the map was implemented. To see it, just refresh the page at any time.

As for interactions, the user can zoom in on the map using the wheel scroll, hover a country, generating a line around the country's shape to highlight it, as well as displaying a tooltip that provides the number of sold products and the country's name.

### Hosting and Deployment

This project's source code is available [here](https://github.com/gcsam11/gcsam11.github.io).

The live visualization can be seen [here](https://gcsam11.github.io/).

If the live visualization is not working, please open this folder in VSCode and run the [LiveServer](https://github.com/ritwickdey/vscode-live-server) plugin.

![visualization](screenshot.png)

### Disclaimer

This project used Generative AI to generate code and debug. 

Code from example implementations for Choropleth maps was also used:

- [Background Map](https://d3-graph-gallery.com/graph/backgroundmap_basic.html)
- [Choropleth Map](https://d3-graph-gallery.com/graph/choropleth_hover_effect.html)
